Company: OpenAI
Description: OpenAI is an AI research and deployment company dedicated to ensuring that general-purpose artificial intelligence benefits all of humanity. AI is an extremely powerful tool that must be created with safety and human needs at its core. OpenAI is dedicated to putting that alignment of interests first — ahead of profit.

To achieve our mission, we must encompass and value the many different perspectives, voices, and experiences that form the full spectrum of humanity. Our investment in diversity, equity, and inclusion is ongoing, executed through a wide range of initiatives, and championed and supported by leadership.

At OpenAI, we believe artificial intelligence has the potential to help people solve immense global challenges, and we want the upside of AI to be widely shared. Join us in shaping the future of technology.
Post: Whenever I talk with people about AI, one of the first questions I get is almost always: what will this mean for my job? I believe AI will open up more opportunities than any technology in history but it will also change how work gets done. Today were announcing OpenAI-Certified and the OpenAI Jobs Platform two new initiatives that are about helping people become fluent in AI and connecting them with employers who need their skills. We cant eliminate the disruption AI will bring, but we can make sure the benefits are shared broadly, not just by a fortunate few. This is one big step in the right direction.
Post: OpenAI for Government OpenAI for Government
Post: OpenAIs Government team is expanding, and were looking for mission-driven professionals ready to build, deploy, and accelerate AI adoption across public agencies. We have multiple openings across engineering, product, capture, recruiting, and customer success, including: Forward Deployed Engineer, Government Senior Recruiter, Government AI Adoption Manager, Government Account Director, Federal Civilian Product Manager, Countries & Governments Capture and Proposal Lead These roles sit at the intersection of frontier AI and public service. Whether youre building technical solutions, guiding adoption, or supporting agency partners, youll help shape how government leverages AI responsibly to support its mission. Links to roles in the comments
Post: We just launched ChatGPT Go, a new low-cost subscription plan in India at 399/month. With this plan, users get everything in Free, and 10x more messages with GPT-5 auto, 10x more image generations, 10x more file uploads and 2x longer memory for more personalized responses. And you can now pay with UPI in Indian Rupees.
Post: One of the things Im most excited about with ChatGPT is how its revolutionizing healthcare. GPT-5 is our best model yet for answering health questions. It scores significantly higher than any previous model on HealthBench, an evaluation OpenAI published earlier this year based on realistic scenarios in partnership with over 250 physicians. Felipe, a member of our OpenAI team, and his wife Carolina shared their story on todays livestream, and it really moved me. Last October, Carolina was hit with three cancer diagnoses in one week. Like many, her biopsy results felt overwhelming and confusing. On a whim, she took a screenshot of the biopsy report and put it into ChatGPT. Within seconds, it translated the medical jargon into plain language, helping her feel more in control and more prepared to talk to her doctor about next steps. Shes kept using ChatGPT throughout her cancer journey, even to help make a tough choice about radiation when doctors gave conflicting advice. Its incredible to hear how ChatGPT restored her sense of agency during these critical decisions. You can watch the full livestream and their story here:
Post: ChatGPT has transformed the way people code, and GPT-5 is our best and most aesthetically intuitive coding model to date. Designer, developer, and CEO Pietro Schirano uses GPT-5 to bring his app ideas to reality.
Post: GPT-5 is our most creative and best writing model to date. Its capable of helping you write with literary depth and nuance, and is better at helping you with everyday tasks like drafting and editing reports, emails, memos, and more. See how science comedy writer Sarah Rose Siskind uses GPT-5 to help with ideation and content creation.
Post: Whats next on the path to AGI? In Episode 5 of the OpenAI Podcast, Chief Scientist Jakub Pachocki and Technical Fellowjoin hostto explore the journey to AGI so far from todays breakthroughs to the possibilities ahead.
Post: "GPT-5 is able to predict the outcome of experiments that we haven't even done. That saves us weeks and even months." Immunologist and professor Dr.explains how he uses GPT-5 as a collaborator on medical research. Its our most intelligent model yet, capable of generating novel hypotheses, accelerating discoveries, and pushing the frontier of science.
Post: GPT5 is our strongest coding model to date, showing particular improvements in complex frontend generation and debugging larger repositories. sits down with,Co-Founder and CEO, to chat about GPT-5's coding capabilities.
Post: Introducing GPT-5, our best AI system yet! GPT-5 features state-of-the-art performance across coding, math, writing assistance, health, visual perception, and more. Use GPT-5 to build websites, create apps, and tap into its improved writing capabilities to help with everyday tasks like reports, emails, and editing. GPT-5 is also our best model yet for health-related questions, empowering users to be informed about and advocate for their health. GPT5 starts rolling out to all users today.
Post: This week, ChatGPT is on track to reach 700M weekly active users up from 500M at the end of March and 4x since last year. Every day, people and teams are learning, creating, and solving harder problems. Big week ahead. Grateful to the team for making ChatGPT more useful and delivering on our mission so everyone can benefit from AI.
Post: Aaron "Ronnie" Chatterji Aaron "Ronnie" Chatterji
Post: As OpenAI's Chief Economist, I get lots of questions about how AI is changing jobs. To help answer them, Ive been speaking with people across occupations to learn how theyre thinking about AI and how its showing up in their day to day. I wanted to start with some professions that you are not reading about every day in the news if you are tracking the AI & jobs discussion in the press. Over the next few weeks, Ill be sharing highlights from these conversations paired with my takeaways on how AI is shaping the future of work. First up is my conversation with, better known as Principal Mo, an elementary and middle school principal who was a very early user of ChatGPT. A champion of AI in education, she has helped fellow administrators, teachers, and students in her school learn how to integrate ChatGPT in impactful ways. Hear her view on the potential of AI in education and where it fits into the history of digital transformation in the classroom. Which profession do you want to hear from next?
Post: OpenAI for Business OpenAI for Business
Post: GPT-5 is now live for ChatGPT business plans. Our new flagship model is now available in ChatGPT Team, Enterprise, and Edu. Its our best model for work. Heres why: Smarter at essential work: Writing, research, analysis, coding, problem-solving - GPT-5 outperforms our previous models across the board. More dependable: Gives more accurate, professional responses, and asks clarifying questions instead of guessing. Works better with your tools: Gives higher-quality responses when using your uploaded files and connected apps like Google Drive and SharePoint. No setup needed: GPT-5 is now the default in ChatGPT. Just ask, and it adapts to the task at hand. GPT-5 replaces all other models as the default in ChatGPT. You can also select GPT-5 thinking and GPT-5 pro for extended reasoning, or find GPT-4o in the Legacy models section. Workspace admins can re-enable other legacy models in Admin Settings. Watch the demo to see GPT-5 in action, or try it now at
Post: Just saying. ChatGPT agent can now do work for you using its own computer while you focus on the important things. Available to all Pro users (outside of the EU) now. Rollout for Plus and Teams users begins on Monday. Were working on rolling out to EU Pro users as soon as possible.
Post: As ChatGPT becomes a go-to tool for students, were committed to ensuring it fosters deeper understanding and learning. Introducing study mode in ChatGPT a learning experience that helps you work through problems step-by-step instead of just getting an answer. Built in collaboration with educators and experts, study mode is our first step toward improving learning in ChatGPT. Available to logged-in Free, Plus, Pro, Team users, with availability in ChatGPT Edu coming in the coming weeks.
Post: Slideshows, no stress. ChatGPT agent is your one-stop shop for fully editable presentations.
Post: Natalie Cone PMP Natalie Cone PMP
Post: Curious about careers at OpenAI? Were hosting an exclusive Forum event with Joaquin Quionero Candela, OpenAIs new Head of Recruiting (and former Head of Preparedness), to explore what it takes to join our missionand how were reimagining hiring to meet the pace and uncharted territory of frontier AI. will share his unconventional career path, how hes building the OpenAI community through recruiting, and what we look for in people shaping the future. Everyones welcome. Join us live: Careers at the Frontier: Hiring the Future at OpenAI is a longtime Forum member and connector. He brings people togetherlike when he recently introduced me to, knowing her creative, nonlinear path could inspire mine-and he was right-I adore her! Behind OpenAIs breakthroughs is a mosaic of kind, curious, and unconventional humans solving the worlds hardest problemstogether. We'd love for you to get to know us, and us you all. Hope to see you July 24th in the Forum. cc
Post: Careers at the Frontier: Hiring the Future at OpenAI - Event | OpenAI Forum
Post: ChatGPT can now do work for you using its own computer. Introducing ChatGPT agenta unified agentic system combining Operators action-taking remote browser, deep researchs web synthesis, and ChatGPTs conversational strengths. Built-in safety keeps you in control: Confirmation before important actions No data stored in takeover mode One-click to clear browsing and log out of all sites ChatGPT agent starts rolling out today to Pro, Plus, and Team users. Pro users will get access by the end of day, while Plus and Team users will get access over the next few days. Enterprise and Edu users will get access in the coming weeks.
Post: How are you using search in ChatGPT? : Cristina Scheau from our search team
Post: We are sharing more about how we report vulnerabilities we discover in third-party software - through research or automated means. Our new disclosure policy is designed for cooperation, transparency and ecosystem-wide security.
Post: Our open models are here! Today, we released two open-weight reasoning modelsgpt-oss-120b and gpt-oss-20bunder an Apache 2.0 license. Developed with feedback from the open-source community, these models deliver meaningful advancements in both reasoning capabilities & safety. Were excited to provide these best-in-class open models to empower everyonefrom individual developers to large enterprises to governmentsto run and customize AI on their own infrastructure.
Post: We build ChatGPT to help you thrive in the ways you choose not to hold your attention, but to help you use it well. Were improving support for tough moments, have rolled out break reminders, and are developing better life advice, all guided by expert input.
Post: This was so popular we are back with more. Prompt: Draw a picture of me as a real-life action figure. Be as specific as possible and put multiple interesting things that represent who I am inside the packaging. Steps: Upload an image of yourself for better likeness Give ChatGPT ideas for types of accessories (Ex: I really like hiking or lately I'm big into cricket) Created (using ChatGPT Images) by Instagrammers: 1. @poppermama 2. @ferryalvn 3. @iamayushianand 4. @leehyeunsoo & @pilatescultureid 5. @bank.thelast.lifter 6. @discoverkath 7. @aiforlifetips 8. @carpmorava 9. @identivii 10. @toothymani 11. @ehyong 12. @gehad.abdlnasser 13. @idees_succulentes 14. @zeusthefreedog
Post: Prompt: Draw a picture of me as a real-life action figure. Be as specific as possible based on what you know about me, and include multiple interesting items inside the packaging that represent who I am. (Pro Tip: Try uploading an image of yourself for maximum effect.) Created (using ChatGPT Images) by Instagrammers: 1: @mariateresiaregina 2: @digitalfreedomwithbea 3: @nazrindadashova.4o 4: @kuiyibo 5: @silvertoro 6: @andyworst1987 7: @videobyluiz 8: @videobyluiz 9: @whatamilin 10: @ehyong
Post: From anime transformations to visualizing outfit options, these are some of the best ChatGPT images weve seen around the internet. You can make images in ChatGPT and Sora for free and its available to everyonejust ask chat for what kind of image youd like to see! Which one are you going to try?
Post: Today we're launching Codex: a software agent that operates in the cloud and can do many tasks in parallel. In the future most code will be written by AI; society will be accelerated because of it. This is a research preview, but we're very excited to see what you build. I used to be a software engineer, but had never checked in code at OpenAIuntil Codex. I checked in two bug fixes earlier this week, written by Codex while I did other work. Codex will roll out to Pro, Enterprise and Teams users over the next few days, and more broadly in the coming weeks. It's a new way of building software, and it should allow far more people to build than ever before More info at
Post: Had a great time speaking with OpenAI about how AI is transforming the way John Deere serves our customers by simplifying complexity and helping our customers work more profitably and sustainably. Whether its ensuring customers are getting the maximum value out of precision equipment like See & Spray or the digital tools that optimize farm operations, this kind of technology ensures customers are more efficient and using data to make critical decisions. Its not just farmers who benefitdealers face immense pressure too. In the past, diagnosing a machine issue could take hours, sifting through thousands of pages of manuals and repair records. Today, AI-powered tools can instantly analyze all that data, offering precise diagnostics, parts lists, and repair instructions. This means faster resolutions and less downtime for everyone involved. Were committed to driving success and efficiency in agriculture - down to the very last plant.
Post: John Deere transforms agriculture with AI
Post: Another proud milestone for our teams: MyLow Companion is now live in every Lowe's Companies, Inc. store. This AI-powered tool is built to support the real-life pace of retail, the complex nuances of home improvement and help our redvest associates serve customers with greater confidence. Its a meaningful step forward in how were applying AI in retail: grounded in real use cases, focused on utility, and built through deep collaboration between our tech, digital and store teams. I had the opportunity to reflect on our approach with the team athow we build, what we prioritize, and why cross-functional alignment has been essential every step of the way. Grateful for the incredible team effort behind this launchand excited for whats next.
Post: Lowes powers home improvement retail with AI
Post: Are you smarter than ChatGPT? Lets find out! : Chris Buchalo
Post: How are you using deep research in ChatGPT? Here are some examples that have already been shared: An academic report on when startups should scale (h/t): An analysis of fantasy football players and strategies (h/t): An overview of the gaps that remain in curing hypermobile Ehlers-Danlos Syndrome (h/t): Share a link to your most useful deep research chats below.
Post: Artificial intelligence is transforming how we live, work, and conduct scientific research. Today, we partnered with the U.S. Department of Energys National Laboratories to hold a first-of-its-kind 1,000 Scientists AI Jam Session that brought together more than 1,000 scientists to explore how AI can accelerate scientific discovery. During Fridays event, researchers across nine national labs,,,,,,,, andtested advanced AI reasoning models, including OpenAI o3-mini, on thousands of scientific challenges in fields ranging from energy and physics to biology and medicine. U.S. Secretary of Energy Chris Wright joined OpenAI President and Co-Founderat Tennessees Oak Ridge National Laboratory to meet with participating researchers and emphasize AIs critical role in the future of science, national security, and Americas global competitiveness. Secretary Wright told the scientists that AI has the potential to increase life expectancy, lead to the development of new drugs, and fuel innovation by allowing scientists to solve problems that were seen as intractable. Greg shared that he hoped AI would make scientists 10 times or 100 times more effective at their work in the coming years. Todays event builds on a long-standing tradition of the U.S. government working with companies to drive innovation, create jobs, fuel economic growth, and strengthen national security. Were grateful to all the scientists who participated in todays jam session, and look forward to continuing our work with the national labs to strengthen U.S. leadership in both AI and scientific discovery. You can read more about the event here:
Post: A cool chat prompt from the person who coaches our research and compute teams!
Post: Drop this prompt into ChatGPT to find your blind spots: It's a great way to see how costly and self-defeating emotional avoidance can be. You are a reflection partner helping me find my blind spots. Step 1 Ask me to name an emotion I resist. Step 2 Ask me to list how I avoid it. Step 3 Show me, line-by-line, how each avoidance tactic recreates the emotion." Here are some examples: Afraid of failure Play it safe Feel like a failure Afraid of conflict Avoids disagreement Constant inner conflict This is a concept called the Golden Algorithm. We have several podcasts that help people navigate this.
Post: Codex can now generate multiple responses simultaneously for a single task, helping you quickly explore possible solutions and pick the best approach. I'm particularly excited about this feature, Best-of-N, because it's one that we can only build once you've set up an agent working on its own computer, like Codex! Best-of-N is rolling out to Pro, Enterprise, Team, Edu, and Plus users starting today. Heres, anengineer on Codex showing you how it works! Plus more fixes & improvements in our changelog:
Post: ChatGPT for Education ChatGPT for Education
Post: If youre a college student in the US or Canada, ChatGPT Plus is free through finals season! Just go to chatgpt.com/students
Post: Search has become one of our most popular & fastest growing features, with over 1 billion web searches just in the past week. We're excited to announce weve launched several improvements to ChatGPT search, including a better shopping experience that's rolling out today. Were experimenting with making shopping simpler and faster to find, compare, and buy products in ChatGPT. Improved product results Visual product details, pricing, & reviews Direct links to buy Product results are chosen independently and are not ads. These shopping improvements are starting to roll out today to Plus, Pro, Free, and logged-out users everywhere ChatGPT is available. It will take a few days to complete the rollout.
Post: A Chief Economist and a COO walk into a podcast... Aaron "Ronnie" Chatterji and Brad Lightcap talk about the future of jobs and the economy in the age of AI on Episode 3 of the OpenAI podcast, now live.
Post: Exciting day! Notion Mail is now available to everyone, supercharged by OpenAI's just-announced GPT-4.1. We've integrated GPT-4.1 capabilities to make email management smarter than ever. Think: better email categorization, more accurate action item detection, and enhanced automated response suggestions. Ready to experience the future of email in the AI era? Head to!
Post: Your connected workspace for wiki, docs & projects | Notion
Post: Starting today, memory in ChatGPT can now reference all of your past chats not just your saved memories. This should feel much more natural, as if youre talking with a real assistant. This is a big step forward for ChatGPT. Even the best human assistants are only so helpful on day one. I think well look back on memory as a foundational building block of generalpurpose intelligence. Rolling out to Pro and Plus in most countries now. Youll know you have access when you see improved dialogue pop up. Cant wait to hear what you think!
Post: Introducing OpenAI o3 and o4-miniour smartest and most capable models to date. For the first time, our reasoning models can agentically use and combine every tool within ChatGPT, including web search, Python, image analysis, file interpretation, and image generation. They are also our first models to integrate uploaded images directly into their chain of thought. ChatGPT Plus, Pro, and Team users will see o3, o4-mini, and o4-mini-high in the model selector starting today, replacing o1, o3-mini, and o3-mini-high. ChatGPT Enterprise and Edu users will gain access in one week.
Post: All of your image creations, all in one place. Introducing the new library for your ChatGPT image creationsrolling out now to all Free, Plus, and Pro users on mobile and.
Post: Heres the story behind the moment everyones talking about. : Andre Mai
Post: OpenAI Podcast Episode 2 is now live! Mark Chen and Nick Turley join Andrew Mayne to pull back the curtain on the making of ChatGPT. They also get into how products are developed and whats next for agentic coding and multimodal assistants.
Post: 4o image generation is beginning to roll out today in ChatGPT and Sora to all Plus, Pro, Team, and Free users. More:
Post: Real ones know its for more than notes. :
Post: A fun prompt for everyone sitting in a meeting rn. Prompt inspired by @yogawithyordanka on Instagram
Post: Welcome to our new OpenAI for Business page. We've been busy shipping a ton of new features for API, ChatGPT Enterprise, and ChatGPT Team customers: GPT-4.5, our largest and best model for chat yet The Agents SDK for orchestrating multi-agent workflows The Responses API, our new primitive for building agents New tools built-in to the API like web search, file search, and computer use European data residency Here on this new page, we'll share product news, demos, use cases, customer stories, and other interesting content from the broader OpenAI community. OpenAI for Business... is now open for business.
Post: Today were launching NextGenAI, a first-of-its-kind consortium with 15 leading research institutions dedicated to using AI to accelerate research breakthroughs and transform education. AI has the power to drive progress in research and educationbut only when people have the right tools to harness it. Thats why OpenAI is committing $50M in research grants, compute funding, and API access to support students, educators, and researchers advancing the frontiers of knowledge. Uniting institutions across the U.S. and abroad, NextGenAI aims to catalyze progress at a rate faster than any one institution would alone. This initiative is built not only to fuel the next generation of discoveries, but also to prepare the next generation to shape AIs future.
Post: Today were releasing a research preview of GPT-4.5our largest and best model for chat yet. Rolling out now to all ChatGPT Pro users, followed by Plus and Team users next week, then Enterprise and Edu users the following week. Early testing shows that interacting with GPT-4.5 feels more natural. Its broader knowledge base, improved ability to follow user intent, and greater EQ make it useful for tasks like improving writing, programming, and solving practical problems.
Post: Introducing the OpenAI Podcasta series of conversations with the people shaping AI. Sam Altman joins Andrew Mayne on the first episode to talk about AGI, GPT-5, privacy, and what comes next. Watch now
Post: Deep research is now rolling out to all ChatGPT Plus, Team, Edu, and Enterprise users! Since the initial launch, weve made some improvements to deep research: Embedded images with citations in the output Better at understanding and referencing uploaded files Give it a prompt and ChatGPT will find, analyze & synthesize hundreds of online sources to create a comprehensive report in tens of minutes vs what would take a human many hours.
Post: Silicon Valley Center of the universe? (twinned with DC maybe). Theres no better place for a week of conversations around and other emerging technologies with partners, clients and investors. AI is a catalyst for transformational change maybe akin to electricity, and its estimated to generate $32 trillion in global GDP growth by 2030. We see enormous near- and long-term potential for AI at- vast trove of data assets to develop unique insights and solutions that deliver value for clients, and a tech that can empower our teams as a force multiplier for productivity. This week we were very pleased to announce a new collaboration withthat will help accelerate our adoption. Read more in: Im proud of the progress weve already made with AI, and the amazing team. The energy this week makes me even more excited for the opportunity on the horizon.
Post: BNY, Americas Oldest Bank, Signs Multiyear Deal With OpenAI
Post: All, join us on the OpenAI Forum tomorrow for an incredible event exploring how AI can help transform cosmic events into works of art. Wednesday, February 26, 6pm PST Register here for the livestream:
Post: Hybrid Event: Music is Math: An Interdisciplinary Exploration of Sound, Science, and Creativity - Event | OpenAI Forum
Post: GPT-4o got an update The models creative writing ability has leveled upmore natural, engaging, and tailored writing to improve relevance & readability. Its also better at working with uploaded files, providing deeper insights & more thorough responses.
Post: Codex Changelog #1 What a great week to be a developer! Thanks everyone for the feedbackheres what we improved this week. Lots more coming. - [Shown in video] Reworked environment page to make it easier to set up code execution. - Added a button to retry failed tasks. - Added indicators to show that the agent runs without network access after setup. - Added options to copy git patches after pushing a PR. - Added support for unicode branch names. - Fixed a bug where secrets were not piped to the setup script. - Fixed creating branches when theres a branch name conflict. - Fixed rendering diffs with multi-character emojis. - Improved error messages when starting tasks, running setup scripts, pushing PRs, or when disconnected from GitHub, to be more specific and indicate how to resolve the error. - Improved onboarding for teams. - Polished how new tasks look while loading. - Polished the followup composer. - Reduced GitHub disconnects by 90%. - Reduced PR creation latency by 35%. - Reduced task completion latency by 20%. - Reduced tool call latency by 50%. - Started setting page titles to task titles so Codex tabs are easier to tell apart. - Tweaked the system prompt so that agent knows its working without network, and can suggest that the user set up dependencies. - Updated the docs. Tracking this all in the Codex Changelog:
Post: Today were rolling out a beta version of tasksa new way to ask ChatGPT to do things for you at a future time. Whether it's one-time reminders or recurring actions, tell ChatGPT what you need and when, and it will automatically take care of it. In chat or using the tasks page under the profile menu, you can schedule tasks you want ChatGPT to do, such as send you a weekly global news briefing, get a daily personalized 15-minute workout, or set a reminder for the future. Tasks is rolling out today to Plus, Pro, and Teams users in betaand eventually to everyone with a ChatGPT account.
Post: What it means to use technology can change in a profound way. I hope we can bring some of the delight, wonder and creative spirit that I first felt using an Apple Computer 30 years ago. --Sam Altman Today, OpenAI acquired io -- co-founded by legendary Industrial designer Jony Ive. Together, were building something bold: a new generation of AI-native hardware products that are joyful, empowering, and instinctively human. Tools that help people think, create, and dream in ways weve only begun to imagine. Our marketing team was lucky enough to collaborate with Jony and the LoveFrom team on the launch. From the very first meeting, you could feel it: the spirit of delight, imagination, and FUN. The kind of magic that once defined and has recently been missing from Silicon Valley is ready for a big comeback. Working alongside Jony and his team is a dream come true. I cant wait to show you what io is building for you
Post: Today we're announcing ChatGPT Gov, a version of ChatGPT that government agencies can deploy in their own MS Azure commercial or government cloud environment. Enabling the public sector, especially the U.S. Federal government, to leverage ChatGPT is critical to maintaining Americas global leadership in AI. We see enormous potential for these tools to support the public sector in tackling complex challengesfrom improving public health and infrastructure to strengthening national security More details here: And much more to come!
Post: Let ChatGPT handle your chaos. Prompt: I want you to act as my personal assistant and help me organize my week. My main goals this week are [your goals]. Im only free ... [Truncated for analysis]